matthew the good and pardon the
interruption but lays is still rolling
out more chance they're gonna do us a
flavor this summer and Eddie Burt did me
a major flavor favor by sending me this
bag of chips cappuccino that's right
coffee flavored potato chips I don't
know but I'm excited I hope your I hope
you're as excited as I am they smell
like coffee like coffee with that
creamer too dark chip now I was a little
bit disappointed with the wasabi ginger
glaze but I have a feeling that what
happened was the wasabi dust settled in
the bottom of the bag much as what
happens with the other wasabi peas where
the wasabi dust settles in the bottom
and if you're unlucky the ones on top
aren't going to be super wasabi
shouldn't given it a second goal but
unfortunately someone else who lives
here finished the wasabi chips but I'm
happy to move on to cappuccino because i
really love coffee whoa
has a very a very deep like coffee taste
that reminds me exactly of that
cappuccino monster I drank recently I
post a photo on Instagram didn't do
review um in the case of a cappuccino
monster though I think some of the
additives you know like the karana the
taurine the aftertaste kind of ruins the
whole coffee thing but things are
actually really good but it tastes
exactly as if like I took like a spoon
of like coffee creamer and at a table
chip
it's got the bitterness of coffee the
sweetness of cappuccino and the
saltiness of a potato chip and in this
case they're damn right you bet I can't
eat just one call me a sick man but I
love some sweet potato chips for twist
I'm actually going to dip it in my
coffee no that really kicks I've seen a
lot of reviews of the cappuccino lays
and I know most people let me start it I
know most people don't really enjoy them
take it a little bit weird and strange
but since I love coffee they just their
natural for me there's love that sweet
taste
personally I hope this is the flavor
that wins I kind of doubt it's going to
win but I'm just hoping hoping against
hope and let's see where the flavors are
coming from cappuccino seasoning which
is probably the same thing you finding
creamers and a lot of those flavored
drinks natural flavors including coffee
cinnamon brown sugar cream sea salt well
as a coffee chip I'm digging it make it
an a in my book hey + can't promise i'll
finish the whole bag by myself but i can
promise i enjoy them well i think if you
enjoyed any of those cinnamon sugar I'm
ships that came out like Pringles had
some else had pecan pie if you enjoy
sweet chips I think you'll really enjoy
these if you enjoyed coffee you'll enjoy
these if you're not a fan of coffee or
of you know sweet chips or you think
that coffee should be strictly limited
to drinks you're gonna hate this and
yeah I just you're clear of it but you
never know give it a go thank you for
watching this episode of freaking review
click thumbs up if you've got any use
out of it and until next time stay in
school don't do drugs and eat like a
freak Jay Leno can eat a triple King fat
burger in five minutes how fast can you
eat it
you